Add fallback for foreign data frame classes (#1017)
r-lib/vctrs: NEWS.md

    in `vec_assign()`), two double dispatch were needed. Now it can be
    done with one double dispatch by calling `vec_cast()` directly.

* `vec_ptype2()` is now more permissive with subclasses of data frames

>   and fall back to a bare data frame when the classes do not have a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and falls back to a bare data frame when the classes do not have a
```

  common type (#981). This is for convenience, users should normalise
  their inputs to a common data frame class manually to avoid the

>   warning (if applicable, the classes could also implement a common type).

Reviewer: Can we be a bit more encouraging here that really we want package developers to define the behavior?

```suggestion
  warning. If applicable, package developers should implement a common type to define the behavior precisely.
```

Reviewer: (after talking more with Lionel, maybe ignore this if the message is mainly for users)
